{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red244\green251\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;
\red241\green241\blue241;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21520\viewh11560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\fs28 CREATE
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs28 Web Design and Implementation
\b0 \
\
Your business needs a great looking web site to compete in the digital world. 2bit will handle all aspects of designing and developing a web site that truly conveys the essence of what you do.  We consult with you to figure out exactly what you want to say to the world.  In addition, you want your site to be fully responsive so your potential customers can visit it on any device. \
\
ENGAGE\
\

\b Finding the Right Audience
\b0 \
\
Getting your web site launched is only the beginning.  You want a site that attracts the visitors that are the most likely to engage with your business.  2bit has extensive experience in enhancing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) to make sure your business can be found, and by the right people.  2bit will help you come up with strategies to leverage social media to get the word out about your business.  We will also help you develop a content strategy to make your site get noticed.  In addition, we can come up with an informed analysis of terms searched for to help you develop a smart Search Engine Marketing (SEM) plan. \
\
DEVELOP\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 6065-72157617483228192
\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}